Previously, on
Sons of Anarchy...
Who’d McKeavy see up north?
All right, we got a week.
Then he wants his 200K.
He made it very clear.
We gotta have the money up front
for the IRA to keep him flush.
Otherwise, we lose
the Irish pipeline to our guns.
If I had a restraining order
against someone in another city,
would it still be valid
if I went someplace else?
There was this guy
I dated. It got weird.
Hello?
Hey. You’re a tough doctor
to track down.
Agent Stahl. ATF.
I can’t discuss the specifics
of my inves–
Oh, give me a break, Sparky.
Kohn’s supervisor seems
to think he’s on vacation
in Oregon.
I’m not quite sure
what that guy is up to.
♪♪ [ Blues-rock ]
♪♪ [ Man Singing, Indistinct ]
Hold it. Hold it.
Hold it. Just wait.
Holy shit.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
Appreciate the lift.
No problem.
Where’s the Cutlass?
Oh, it’s at the hospital.
Still not running right?
It’s running okay.
This worry
I’m getting here,
that have anything
to do with that car
that’s been following us?
The compact parked
halfway down the block.
Tara!
What the hell’s
going on?
That A.T.F. agent
that’s been looking
into you guys–
I think he’s here for me.
What are you
talking about?
I was with him
in Chicago.
It got violent.
I tried to end it.
He started stalking me.
- Jax. Don’t. He’s dangerous.
- Go back inside, Tara.
Lock the door.
- [ Steam Hissing ]
- Vandalism. Deadly weapon.
That’s six months
in County, asshole.
Violating a restraining order.
You’ll be in the cell
next to me.
They teach you
how to suck a dick
in A.T.F. school?
Badass biker.
You guys gave it
your best shot.
You got nothing on Sam Crow.
And you harassing Tara,
that ends here,
or next time it won’t be
a piece-of-shit car
I’m draining fluid from.
You threatening
a federal agent?
I’m threatening you.
Go away.
It’s my last warning.
You better rein in
your A.T.F. boyfriend.
Agent Kohn isn’t
on my payroll.
I don’t keep tabs.
Yeah, well,
maybe you should.
He’s not here
for Sam Crow, Hale.
He’s here for Tara.
What the hell
are you talking about?
This guy was
stalking her in Chicago.
Thinks she came back
to Charming to be with me.
I’m telling you,
this guy is nuts,
and he’s gonna hurt her.
Jesus Christ.
That’s who she had
a restraining order against.
You knew?
No, but it makes sense now.
Hale!
Let’s go, hotshot.
Water and Power just dug up
some old bones out on 44.
Be there
in a minute.
Kohn is my problem.
I will handle it.
You better, man,
or I’m gonna.
[ Sighs ]
- Half-Sack, boombaye!
Get in there, kid!
- Hands up, Lowell.
Keep your hands up, Lowell.
Now you’re
getting cocky.
Anyone can beat up
a junkie, prospect.
It doesn’t mean shit.
Where did you learn
how to fight like this?
You know, I was junior
lightweight champion.
- Armed Forces
boxing competition.
- Ooh, that’s so hot.
Things all better
with the little missus now?
My balls
are still attached.
Shit, Lowell.
Get out of there.
- Whose idea was this?
- Tig’s.
- Bobby’s.
I don’t mind it, Clay.
I’m just helping
the Half-Sack train.
Yeah, well, you killed
enough brain cells.
- Come on. Come on.
Back to work.
- Okay. Thanks.
How’s he doing?
Well, the latest round of
rehab seems to be sticking.
He hasn’t missed
any work.
If I could get A.A.
to kick up a vig,
Lowell could make us all rich.
He’s always been a freak.
Damn good mechanic though.
I guess you taught him that.
How’s Sugar Ray One Nut
looking?
He’s working fast.
Got a great right hook.
How much money
gets thrown around
at these bare-fist things?
The purse is okay,
but it’s the betting
that’s gone crazy.
I know a couple
of guys last year
who made six figures each.
- Really?
- The prospect can knock any one
of those lightweights out...
any day of the week.
Absolutely.
- What’d we pull together
for McKeevy?
- A hundred and 20.
You ain’t thinking
about betting on the prospect.
If Half-Sack takes
his first five fights...
and looks strong
going into the finish,
we control how it ends,
it could be a huge payday.
- What do you think?
- I don’t know.
But I do know there’s no way
we’re raising 80 grand
in the next four days,
so it might be
our only shot.
- I’m in.
- I’m in. Done.
- All right, I’m in.
- Take 50 grand.
I wanna see it triple.
You’re gonna train him.
No booze. No weed.
No pussy.
That include
the Nevada sweetbutt?
Till I’m up a hundred-K,
that little cherry tart
can cool on the counter.
[ Chibs ]
Let’s go. Hit that bag.
Hey, Bobby.
What?
Do me a favor.
Push up on that thing,
will ya?
- Really?
- Really.
Halfy-Sack is
all about that now.
Well, I wanna see
if she’s all about him.
And go at it hard.
- [ Bobby ] I ain’t mad at that.
- Half-Sack’s gonna lose
his mind.
Well, that kind of anger
we can really use.
Hey, and call Unser.
See if he wants in on
some of this fight action.
Clay, he’s out
on the job.
Water and Power
dug up some old bones
this morning.
Where?
Out on 44.
What?
I don’t know.
- [ Jax ]
Wheeling out two bodies.
- There should be three.
I’m afraid to ask.
Don’t be.
There it is.
[ Jax ]
Is this us?
Yeah.
Aw, shit.
[ Sighs ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
And all three of them
were Mayans?
[ Clay ]
Yep. Back in ’92,
Mexicans tried to expand
their Oakland dope base,
set up a charter in Lodi.
We couldn’t
let that happen.
It was a bloody two years.
Bodies dropped.
Yeah. I remember.
That was right around
the time my old man died.
- That’s right.
- We got to stop the P.D.
from I.D.’ing those bodies.
If they flag the Mayans,
we’re their next stop.
Well, we can pull teeth
to stop the I.D., but they
can still D.N.A. test.
Forensic tests
on three bodies?
[ Chuckles ]
That would blow half
of Unser’s yearly budget.
But if Hale thought
it would hurt us,
he’d get his new fed buddies
to float the costs.
Shit, man, that was
pre-O.J., right?
We weren’t thinking
about D.N.A. back in ’93.
What kind of clues
we got buried
with those Mexicans?
If they don’t know
they’re Mayans, they
won’t take it any farther.
We stop the identification,
we stop the investigation.
So, uh, there’s
a 15K purse on the line...
and a lot
of ringside action.
Yeah. I’m ready.
This ain’t
no army boxing, kid.
This is street brawling.
No. It’s cool.
Cherry pie.
What?
It’s time to go.
What are you
talking about?
Go where?
- What are you doing,
Bobby?
- Relax, prospect.
- She’s gonna stay with him
till the fight.
- No, I’m not.
Oh, yeah, you are.
Why?
No booze.
No dope.
- No pussy.
- You’ll love my place.
It’s very cozy.
Get your hands
off me.
Quarantine.
Back off.
[ Laughing ]
Clay, no sex
before a fight’s
like an old wives thing.
Did–
Did you just insult
my old lady again?
No. I–
[ Sighs ]
Jump.
Why didn’t you tell me
it was Kohn?
Jax told you?
I did not know
that Kohn was the guy
that was stalking you.
I could have–
You know, I tried
getting help in Chicago.
Complained
to his superiors–
Made things worse.
I went through three precincts
before someone would even
give me that restraining order.
I doubted you
could do anything.
Tara.
Kohn’s boss doesn’t
even know that he is here.
This guy is in deep shit.
He is done.
Really?
He is leaving Charming.
I promise.
And I am sorry.
Town’s talking about the skulls
that rolled out of that hole.
I’m sure they are.
Have you thought
about damage control?
Tig’s the only one
that knows the truth.
Everybody else thinks
all those bodies
are Mayans.
And how do you stop
that truth from spreading?
I’ve got it covered.
All right?
Don’t worry.
This shit stays
in the rearview.
So I talked to Trammel.
The Sanwa County coroner’s
clearing space,
but bones
stay local tonight.
Good. Now I have to get
into the lower level
of the hospital.
You, uh, think
the old squeeze might be
able to hook a brother up?
I’ll see what I can do.
All right.
Sorry. Clay? I, uh–
I just asked Gemma.
Wanted to make sure
it was cool with you
that I have Moby here.
Only during my break.
He– He likes
to watch me work.
Sure. It’s fine.
- [ Imitating Gunshot ]
- [ Groans ]
Hey, Lowell,
you’re doing good work.
Thanks, man!
All right.
Tara’s not here.
What do you wanna do?
Lab coat on the chair.
Can you distract
the doctors?
Yeah. No problem.
Excuse me, ladies.
Oh. How you doing?
Uh, you’re doctors,
both of you?
Yeah.
Oh, thank God.
Um, a Doberman pinscher
took a chunk.
Ah, Jesus.
Hang on. A chunk of my ass.
I– Can we–
You need to go
to the E.R.
Distract them.
I said distract them,
not scar ’em for life.
Shit. I’m serious.
I think it’s infected.
[ Woman On P.A. ]
Orderly to the nurses’ station.
Orderly
to the nurses’ station.
[ Monitor Beeping ]
Hey.
Managed to steal
a key card
from an intern.
Hopefully
it gets us below.
Yeah. Me and Tig’ll
take care of this.
Why don’t you stay here
and run interference.
Why?
Hey, Doc.
Hey.
Kid looks
strong, huh?
Yeah.
Well, you have
a good night, all right?
You too.
Nurse said you
wanted to see me.
Yeah. I was just
checking in.
You okay?
Yeah. I talked to Hale.
He assured me
Joshua was leaving.
Thanks for handling that.
Ah, you’re welcome.
You won’t have to worry
about that guy anymore.
[ Sniffs ]
[ Glass Shatters ]
[ Door Squeaks ]
[ Bag Hits Floor ]
[ Sniffs ]
[ Clicking ]
♪♪ [ "The Alphabet Song" ]
[ Exhales ]
♪ H, I, J, K ♪
♪ L, M, N, O, P ♪
[ Urine Trickling ]
♪ Q, R, S ♪
♪ T, U, V ♪
♪ W, X ♪
[ Trickling Continues ]
♪ Y and Z ♪♪
[ Buzzer Buzzes ]
I’ll find us
some gloves.
Okay.
[ Zipper Unzipping ]
[ Clay ]
Hey, freako.
We ain’t here
to find you a date.
I know. I know.
It’s just– You know.
[ Blows ]
You ever?
What? Cold pack?
Yeah.
Nah. Not my thing.
I know it’s a little
bit creepy at first,
but then something
happens, man,
I’m telling you.
This soothing coldness.
This stillness.
It’s really
a beautiful thing.
Please.
Please, stop.
[ Knocking ]
Goddamn it.
It’s all right.
Keep looking.
I thought I told you
to wait upstairs.
Well, there’s
no interference to run,
and I figured
you could use
the extra pair of hands.
Is that all right?
I got ’em.
All three.
[ Drawers Sliding ]
Hold the head.
Tight.
Wait a minute.
It’s already been I.D.’d.
Lowell Harlan Sr.
This is
Lowell’s old man.
[ TV Playing ]
Cookie time.
I made ’em.
Especially for you.
[ Laughs ]
No, thank you.
[ Sighs ]
Stop, please.
Come on, girl.
You ain’t
no old lady yet.
You–
[ Kissing Sounds ]
do this for me–
[ Sighs ]
I’ll make sure you get
the thumbs-up from Clay.
Stop, ’kay? Please.
Come on.
[ Kissing Sounds ]
Stop! God.
I’m not a sweetbutt.
Oh, yeah, you are.
No, I’m not.
I came here for Kip.
I’m not gonna be passed
around anymore. All right?
I’m done with that.
Come on.
Seriously. Ew!
[ Grunts ]
Oh, Jesus.
[ Laughing ]
[ Laughing Continues ]
Okay.
- Okay?
- I said okay.
[ Sighs ]
Relax.
Have a cookie.
Why was Lowell’s dad
buried with the enemy?
Casualty of war.
Mayans took him out.
He worked at T.M.
He wasn’t patched.
Mayans
went after everybody.
Family, friends.
Didn’t matter.
Lowell thinks
his dad just split.
Poor bastard’s convinced
he’s still out there.
I know.
So why the same grave?
Disrespect.
I know.
It was
a crazy two years.
I didn’t have time
to think a lot
of shit through.
Is that why you
didn’t want me in the morgue?
Protect that secret?
[ Scoffs ]
I got no secrets
from you.
You know,
with the Mayans I.D.’d too,
I can only imagine
the poison Hale’s
gonna pour in Lowell’s ear.
[ Elevator Dings ]
I’ll handle Lowell.
[ Elevator Door Opens ]
[ Elevator Door Closes ]
[ Revving ]
Sounds good.
[ Engine Idling ]
Is it cool
if I work on it
before my shift?
Yeah.
Is everything
okay, man?
I want you
to hear this from me.
What?
Something happen to Moby?
I left him with Anita.
No, no, no. Your kid’s fine.
Those bodies
they, uh, pulled out
of the hole on 44–
one of ’em’s your old man.
[ Laughs ]
My dad?
Oh, that–
that don’t make sense.
I’m sorry, son.
No. He ran off
when I was, like, 15.
He just split.
Everyone told me that.
You told me that.
I know.
[ Laughing ]
Well, the son of a bitch
was already dead
to me, right?
[ Sniffles ]
What, uh–
What happened to him?
Mayan war.
Wrong place, wrong time.
The, uh, other bodies
they found in the hole–
those are the two Mexicans
that killed your dad.
Vengeance was meted out.
The cops–
they’re gonna try
to lay all those bodies
at Sam Crow’s feet.
That’s bullshit.
I know. It ain’t
a matter of true or false.
Hale is gonna try
to screw with your compass.
I don’t want you
losing true north.
[ Sobbing ]
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
Inside the club
there had to be truth.
Our word was our honor.
But outside,
it was all about deception.
Lies were our defense,
our default.
To survive,
you had to master
the art of perjury.
The lie and the truth
had to feel the same.
But once you
learned that skill,
nobody knows the truth...
in or outside the club.
Especially you.
Oh, my God.
[ Squishing ]
Holy shit.
[ Scoffs ]
Two bodies
were Mayan captains.
It had to be SAMCRO.
Well, 15-year-old
Mexican bones give us nothing.
Even with D.N.A.,
there’s no murder weapon.
So it’s ancient history.
The U.S. Attorney’s Office
won’t touch it.
Look at this.
Dead mechanic worked
for Teller-Morrow.
History of drug abuse,
domestic violence.
His kid’s on the way in.
Following
his old man’s footsteps.
Close to SAMCRO.
How close?
I’m not sure.
- Any word on Kohn?
- Checked out of his hotel.
He turned in his rental car.
He may already be gone.
Here we go.
You, uh–
You wanted to see me?
Yeah.
Have a seat, Lowell.
I’m June Stahl,
federal agent.
I’m here helping out
the deputy chief.
Oh, yeah?
You helping out
with what?
We have, uh,
some sad news for you
about your father.
Yeah, I know.
They found him in that hole
off of 44.
Well, you don’t seem
too surprised by that,
Lowell.
[ Snickers ]
Well, you live
by the sword, you know?
He was a mechanic,
not a gangster.
Why was he buried
with outlaw bikers?
I don’t know.
- Your old man worked
for Teller-Morrow, right?
- Yeah.
So the Sons of Anarchy
must’ve trusted him.
He was a friend.
Did Clay tell you that?
It’s true.
He was a friend,
and I’m a friend.
Right.
Just like your dad.
You’re just a chip
off the old spoon.
Let’s just hope we don’t
find you in a ditch on
a county road somewhere, huh?
Who do you think
killed him?
You know, they found
three bullet holes
in his head.
Now, what could
a mechanic do that would
incite such a gruesome death?
I don’t know.
He was buried
with the enemy, Lowell.
He was not a friend.
He did something
to piss off Clay.
No.
He was in the same grave
because he had
the same killers.
Use your head, Lowell.
SAMCRO killed your father.
- That is not true.
- Yes, it is.
What’s going on in here?
Who the hell are you?
A.T.F.
Just what we need.
You guys wanna rent
a goddamn wing?
Aren’t you spunky.
- You done with him?
- For now.
Get out of here, Lowell.
Go ahead. Go on.
Pleasure.
Bad enough I got to see
the other one every time
I get a hot shave.
Now I got to deal
with Mrs. A.T.F.
chewing on my last nerve?
When did you
last see Kohn?
I just left him.
At Floyd’s.
[ Sighs ]
Who did this?
A.T.F.
Why?
Tara.
- That stupid bitch.
- How is this her fault?
- This guy’s dead.
- At least.
[ Beeping ]
Yeah. Kohn’s still in town.
I know.
He’s at Floyd’s.
I’m taking care of it.
♪♪ [ Radio ]
I’m really gonna
miss this, Floyd.
Yep.
You wanna go to war with me,
you sick piece of shit?
♪ I will keep
my promise true ♪
[ Screams ]
♪ For you are
my guiding light ♪♪
This is bullshit.
- He attacked me.
- No one backs
your version, Kohn.
- He put me through
a goddamn window.
- Right.
Apparently after
you stabbed him
with some scissors.
- No.
- Don’t think Jax
is pressing charges.
Oh. Shit. Great.
Thank you.
But you will
be facing charges
in Illinois...
for violating
a restraining order.
I’m not stalking Tara.
I’m protecting her.
Come on.
We all know what happens
if she hooks up with Teller.
You know I’m right.
We’re all on
the same team here.
No, Josh.
Not anymore.
You’re in breach
of about a half a dozen
federal statutes.
You’ve been stripped
of your creds, and O.P.R.’s
gonna meet you at O’Hare.
I hope that the stalk
was a good rush,
’cause, uh, it just
killed your career.
Wait.
She came back here because
she was afraid of me.
I pointed her at SAMCRO.
I can’t fix that mistake,
but you can.
Both of you can.
Please.
Barber says you
came in for a haircut.
Agent Kohn attacked you
with a pair of scissors.
So you pushed him
through a plate glass window.
Self-defense.
That’s what Floyd saw,
I guess that’s what happened.
That’s fantastic.
[ Clears Throat ]
Tell me.
Are they all
just afraid of you...
or convinced that you
are a necessary evil?
You charging me?
No charges.
Why does Kohn have
a hard-on for you?
[ Sniffs ]
You know why.
You’re right. I do.
Tara Knowles.
The charming ingenue.
High school sweethearts,
right?
Yeah.
She fears for her life,
so she comes back home...
to the only man she knows
loves her enough
to protect her,
a guy who would have
no problem...
putting a fed through
a plate glass window.
That’s beautiful.
Really, it is.
I wish I had that kind
of pull over someone.
You’re a lucky man.
You done?
Yeah.
She’s done.
[ Motorcycle Engine Idling ]
[ Announcer ]
First fight of the afternoon.
Round one.
[ Referee ]
Let’s go!
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Shouting,
Indistinct ]
Come on! Hit him!
[ Shouting Continues ]
[ Bell Dinging ]
Whoo!
She’s getting
under his skin.
I can feel it.
It’s bad for us.
I’m keeping
an eye on it.
I’m not gonna let anything
turn Jax away from Sam Crow,
especially pussy.
Tara’s not pussy.
He loved her.
Probably still does.
Whoa.
Hey. Anita just called.
Lowell? M.I.A.
She just found Moby
in the apartment, crying
and locked in the bathroom.
Shit.
Yeah. He probably went
to Lodi looking to score.
[ Sighs ]
It’s not
your fault, baby.
You’ve been taking care
of Lowell since he was 16.
You done everything you could.
Just some shit
you can’t escape.
It’s like father,
like son.
Yeah.
Looks like
it’s going that way.
Got to remember
what’s important.
- Big picture.
- I’ll call the Vista,
see if he checked in.
No one blames you
if Lowell don’t come home.
Come on, Lowell.
Open up. I’m taking you home.
[ Sniffles ]
It makes no sense.
It’s no sense
that my dad was buried
with them wetbacks!
How long you been
taking care of me, Clay? Huh?
Why are you here now?
I made a promise
to your dad.
What, before you killed him?
You kill him, Clay?
Why would you do that?
I lied to you, son.
Don’t you
call me that.
I am not that.
Your father wasn’t killed
by the enemy.
He was the enemy.
No.
He was a friend.
He was a loathsome
piece of shit.
Treated you and
your mother like dirt.
Cared more about the junk
than he did about his friends,
his family.
Sound familiar?
[ Sniffles ]
I’m not that.
No?
Then what the hell are you?
You can’t stay clean.
You abandon your kid.
Moby.
I killed your old man.
I killed him
’cause he was a rat.
A weak junkie rat.
I’m not a rat.
Look at you.
Ten minutes with Hale,
you turn inside out.
You run away.
You don’t give a shit
about your kid!
- I’m sorry, Clay.
- Next time maybe Moby
drowns in that bathtub.
Or maybe you tell
Hale and the feds...
all those secrets
you been hearing
at Teller-Morrow.
[ Sniffling ]
I can’t deal with it
anymore, Clay.
My point.
Oh, shit.
[ Crying, Sniffling ]
I’m my old man.
I’m Lowell.
[ Sniffles ]
Oh, God.
I’m sorry, Clay.
I know that you
tried to help me.
You help Moby.
You save him from me.
Do it, please.
You help
my little boy.
[ Chattering, Shouting ]
[ Bell Dinging ]
[ Announcer Speaking,
Indistinct ]
This is it, prospect,
your final fight.
How you feeling?
I’m good, man.
This asshole
looks half dead.
Well, he’s had a tougher climb.
It’s a beautiful thing.
It is a beautiful thing.
You’re looking
like a champ.
Everybody’s
betting on you,
except for us.
What do you mean?
You want me to lose?
[ Crowd Whistling,
Cheering ]
Shit. No, come on, man.
I can beat this guy.
I can win this whole thing.
If you win this,
we get 15 grand.
You lose, we walk home
with 10 times that much.
So you lose.
You’re gonna
take a dive, Kippy,
for the club.
Go get him.
Sort of.
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Cheering ]
[ Chibs ]
Come on, son!
[ Shouting, Indistinct ]
Come on!
Get ’em in there!
[ Door Closes ]
[ Blowing ]
Why aren’t you
at the fight?
[ Scoffs ]
I’ve had my share
for the day.
[ Kissing Sounds ]
Yeah.
Your leg okay?
Where’s the doctor?
I don’t know.
Where you going
with that, Jax?
Nowhere.
I don’t believe that.
I’ve seen the two
of you together.
See how you act
around her.
She’s still
got ties in you.
You know what?
I don’t give a shit
what you think.
What I do, what Tara does–
it’s not your business.
Cleaning up piss
and broken cribs,
that’s my business?
No one asked you
to take this on.
This house, this kid.
It’s not your burden.
It’s mine.
[ Sighs ]
Shit.
[ Crowd Cheering ]
You deal
with that Lowell problem?
Call Anita. Tell her
she’s gonna be watching
Moby for a while.
All right.
Give it one more round,
and then he falls.
I understand you, uh,
declined Bobby’s request
for some comfort.
[ Clears Throat ]
Yeah. I did.
I’m not
about that anymore.
If I was to ask
for some comfort,
would you be about that?
[ Punches Landing ]
No. I’m sorry.
But your old lady
would turn us both
into chum.
Yeah, that’s a good point.
If, uh, Half-Sack
patches in–
which is a big "if"–
it’s all right with me
if you stick around.
That is, if he wants you
as his old lady.
- [ Kissing Sounds ]
- Thank you.
Oh, shit. Shit!
Half-Sack, don’t!
[ Tig ]
What’s he doing?
What the hell’s he doing?
Gonna K.O. this guy.
- Shit, I’ll kill him.
I’ll kill him.
- No, no, no. My bad. My bad.
Get him out of there
before we got to bury
another Mexican.
- [ Bell Dinging ]
- [ Tig ] Come on!
Hey, hey, hey!
Chill! Relax, you muppet.
Whoo!
Clay, I’m really sorry.
You know, I just lost it.
I don’t–
You owe the club 35K.
Really?
Hey.
At least you got
the girl, huh?
Come on. Get out of here
before I rape both of you.
Tig. Hey.
It’s just an expression.
Term of endearment.
We’re gonna need
the hundred and 15 by Friday.
Gonna be a busy week.
You said it.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Gasping ]
He’s a good mechanic.
[ Gasping Continues ]
Jesus. Are you okay?
Yeah.
Hale told me what happened.
Kohn’s gone.
I watched him leave town.
Thank you.
What is it?
You left Chicago
’cause you were afraid
this guy was gonna hurt you.
One of the reasons.
Did you come back here
’cause you knew
I’d hurt this guy,
do what the cops
wouldn’t do?
God, no.
I had no idea
he would follow me.
I– I didn’t know
you’d even still be here.
That doesn’t sound
like you, Jax.
It sounds like
your mother.
Well, you’re safe now.
[ Door Opens ]
How’d it go, baby?
[ Exhales ]
Where is he?
Sam Crow rehab.
[ Sighs ]
What’d you tell Jax?
About the bodies.
Some of the truth.
And Lowell?
A little more.
[ Sighs ]
The rest stays buried.
Yeah.
[ Exhales ]
And rest in peace.